Document minor enhancements (#2280)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/carousel/overview.md

| `Width` | `string` | The Carousel width. See [Dimensions]({%slug common-features/dimensions%}) for more details. The Carousel renders in a `<div>`, so it expands horizontally to 100% by default.|
| `Height` | `string` | The Carousel height. By default and by design, the component has no height and does not expand, based on its content. *In other words, the Carousel will be zero pixels high, if height is not applied.*|
| `Class` | `string` | The CSS class that will be rendered on the main wrapping element of the component. Use it to apply custom styles or [override the theme]({%slug themes-override%}).

> | `ThemeColor` | `ThemeConstants.Carousel.ThemeColor` string <br/> (`Light`) |Defines the theme color of the Carousel component.

Reviewer: * The current implementation makes the type look like `enum`, but it isn't. Technically, the default value of the property is `"light"` with lowercase "l".
* Use `|` at the end of table rows when other rows have it.
* Try not to explain property names with the same words.

```suggestion
| `ThemeColor` | string <br /> (`"light"`) | Sets predefined colors to the Carousel component. Use the members of the static class `ThemeConstants.Carousel.ThemeColor` to set valid values. |
```

> | `ThemeColor` | `string` |Defines the theme color of the Carousel. Default value is `ThemeConstants.Carousel.ThemeColor.Light`.|

Reviewer 2: The same feedback as for the `ShowInfo`
